and roberto karlo after a month and a half
off the courts in the box
of the fenerbache while liverpool and the arsenal that played over the weekend
they will do it again tied 1 to 1 the first leg on the court of the arsenal
now they will play in liverpool's court and the team of rafa benítez more cupbearer
more done
for this kind of definitions seems to have a slight light
the slight favoritism but let's go back to the local area
the referee silvia kings who led the san martín athletic alliance that was
object of the barbarities of mario leguizamón and the criticisms of several
players on this topic not only speak the mentioned was but also
another character from the pro
we are not from there that the world us and his wife is
this adds to the tributes to those about the woman who says the woman and the most
it's simple will be a nice match and portugal what a south africa match
what the woman said
12 without the player that in Spain there are no women in the first division because
they are going to shoot
It is not the first time it happens
and for a social question surely will not be the last
the declarations of the Argentinean goal are of a year ago
after which municipal alliance tied to him by direct incidence of
arbitration
half a year later
after a total of five
Luis very well had no better idea than sending home kings
referring to that was her place as a woman
but this was nothing with what the Uruguayan mario leguizamón
expressed yesterday of the judge
despite accumulating oklahoma
He says no one added that the governor remarked abás must choose
one tomorrow
the platform in the morning quiet Sunday
schedule a government that has also approved
a group armed with the board
the city and the worst of the producer a great job winning
his words served as a trigger
to raise again the controversy over the arbitration of women in the
male soccer
who has divided opinions
so it's qualified you can steer quietly towards
the fact the fact went through a hundred or not but if you have little black pants
lasted 1 passes by if it is not if qualified sitet entity added
that with the inconvenience one of the other world is going to go yes yes today
there is the cessation of the opportunity to be supported and the poor in a
context a beacon to support it
with great respect he operated
to berth the phrase Rick Perry believes that in those terms
all the open debate the least the aggressor could do
I was apologizing
and well he took advantage publicly or movies and crime but
which is a moment of
but I will never go back
I think that party lan
there were many and southeast
has the right to vote the players and
and it was good for me
and then he did not have a clear grasp what he says
but good now they are cold and and took the opportunity to live together we are going to
apply
all possible punishment
nor are we democratic if the PSOE
followed by the sanction the central unemployment duo
more than anything I wanted to talk to him about the subject of the lady's much
I'm talking about the referees dt wilson
I want to say but the moment of fever of
the big one touched me since it's a lot
in santa anita they accept the successful
but this very little serves the aggrieved who did not stop and went to the
front is fundamental in mind that has to come from foreigner and and then
that shows that way that
chivalry in brackets that gave name does not justify that it was italy
he did not learn anything he justifies his site after tying his friends for the
Insurers did not accept them
- sport is like that
and for a hundred throw any barbarity and you can come to say that it is fault and
it's very easy sms
it's not the first time that a foreign player criticizes this way
obviously it was an absolute success
the team justified mario leguizamón's cable that should be harshly
sanctioned
the corporate reports the justice commission of the sports association
of professional soccer but so that Miss silvia kings the pass the
talent